So now that we actually have
our function that's going to set the local notification for us,
what we want to do is we want to be able to invoke it so we can set it.
So inside of app.JS what we can do is let's import that function,
set local notification, which is coming from utils/helpers.
And then when our main component mounts,
what we want to do is we don't really need to return
anything we can just call set local notification.
So you'll notice when the app first loads it says, hey,
Expo wants to send you notifications.
We'll say okay.
And now every day at 8 o'clock we are going to get a local notification,
a notification that pops up right here saying hey,
make sure you log your stats,
and again that's only going to happen if the user hasn't already
logged their stats which we need to do right now,
because we haven't set up that functionality yet.
So we can do that by going to our add entry component,
which is the very first component we worked on.
We can import a few different things here.
Let's see, this is coming from helpers.
Right here, notice we're already grabbing three things from helpers,
we're just going to go ahead and grab two more.
The first one is going to be clear local notifications,
and the second one is going to be set local notification.
So now what we want to do whenever the user
inputs their information or their stats for the current day,
we want to go ahead and clear the local notification and set up a new one for tomorrow.
So the way we can do that is inside of this submit function and if you remember,
we have this note to ourself.
And then we can call clear local notification.
And when that's finished,
we can go ahead and just set up another one which will set up
a notification for tomorrow at 8 o'clock.